Annalise: Previously on
How To Get Away With Murder...
I had an abortion.
Are you sure
the baby's not mine?
It's not yours.
Michaela:
Search "Trent Stockton."
The guy that worked for Antares
and got killed.
It's a cease-and-desist
letter.
-[ Beep ]
-This could go
to Tegan's phone.
Ohh! Um, uh,
close out, close out.
I'm trying!
Hey, baby.
I'm still at the office.
Well, I love that you're
working so hard, boo.
It's gonna be even harder now
that they know what I'm doing.
And you're telling me
because...?
I need help.
Do it for your boys.
They want you home, right?
It's Claudia. We in.
Look at what you've done!
You're the one she fired.
Bonnie.
Annalise: I shouldn't
have been surprised.
But I was.
I wanted to believe
that we were above this.
We hurt each other.
We always have.
I was just tired of it --
resentment, anger,
but mostly the need,
'cause that's what all this
was about -- Bonnie's need.
That's why I fired her,
because I wanted to worry about
what I needed for once.
And what's so wrong about that?
Really?
Does that make me
a monster?
Tell her the truth --
that Bonnie used
a false identity,
you ended it right away.
Violate confidentiality.
How is that a solution?
We have a duty
to warn patients
of any clear and imminent
threat to them.
If the threat
is of serious bodily injury.
That's not what Bonnie
communicated to me.
Do you know that for sure?
Annalise:
Is that a yes?
You think I'm a monster?
No.
Answer faster next time
so that I can believe you.
I-I was just thinking about
what you just said.
Which part?
You needing more time
for yourself.
That's the reason
that you fired Bonnie.
-It was.
-Okay.
But I'd also like you
to consider
that there's
another reason.
Jacqueline:
Recommend another therapist.
She's just starting
to open up.
Starting to.
That's better than already
having done so.
And if she falls off
the wagon?
You can't make someone be sober
if they don't want to be.
That doesn't mean
I need to be the one
to push her
towards the bar.
Isaac:
Some people who've
experienced immense loss
develop a defense
to more loss.
It's an instinct to push people
away before they leave us.
I was drowning in other people's
needs for years --
clients, my students.
Them leaving me alone
was a dream come true.
I don't want
to tell you this.
Isaac.
♪
-She lost a baby.
-What?
In our last session,
Bonnie mentioned
that Annalise
had lost a child.
And you're just
telling me this now?
'Cause I knew you were
gonna react like this.
You're the one coming in here
stressed, agitated.
She's triggering you,
Isaac.
That's reason enough
to transfer her care.
No, it is the reason that I am
the right therapist for her.
She's a 50-year-old woman
who hasn't even begun
to deal with her own loss.
I have.
You helped me with that.
And that's all
I'm asking for here --
a way out of this that isn't
breaking confidentiality
or transferring her off
to another therapist.
Please, okay?
You were always
way smarter than me.
Have you always had this extreme
desire to be alone?
Or is this something that's
happened in the past few years,
since you've lost someone
who seemingly was a major part
of your life?
Ask her about the husband.
That'll get her
to the baby.
I'm talking about Sam
specifically.
Here you go again,
dropping a bomb out of nowhere.
Look, you've done some great
work in here, truly...
but the loss of Sam is something
we haven't discussed.
And rather than have
that grief resurface
when it can really upend
your sobriety,
I want to encourage you
to deal with it now.
I'm gonna give you
some homework.
[ Sighs ] I have a job.
I don't want homework, as well.
I want you to write
a letter to Sam.
Write from your gut,
how you feel
about everything that's happened
to you since he's passed,
all the issues
that feel unresolved.
We'll see what comes up.
♪
-Hey.
-What the hell?
You weren't answering
your phone.
Because
I'm not allowed to.
Claudia called.
The D.A.'s office
delivered a letter
to her mother
this morning.
They're threatening
to seize their house
if she doesn't take her name
off the class action.
You're not gonna believe this,
but I made a mistake.
I ignored ADA Winterbottom here
when she tried to warn me
that there would be fallout
from the Virginia Cross firing.
-Well, thank God
she didn't listen to me.
-[ Light laughter ]
And now we are just days away
from getting what's left
of Keating's plaintiffs
to drop out of the class action,
thereby saving everyone
in this office
hours upon hours
of retrying cases.
And that, I am sure
we can all agree,
is something to celebrate.
So please, let's give
a big round of applause
to Ms. ADA Winterbottom.
[ Applause ]
♪
It's called civil asset
forfeiture.
And it means the city
can seize any assets
if it's used
in the commission of a crime.
But it's
my mother's house.
She wasn't the one
selling drugs out of there.
But you did,
so the city has the legal right
to take the house away.
That ain't right.
Yeah, well, the D.A.
is abusing the law
so that they can scare us.
"Us"?
They're taking your house, too?
Watch your mouth.
I told you not to sign up
for this, Mama.
Annalise:
Tyrone, look at me.
I'm gonna handle this.
I have an appointment
with a judge,
and I'm gonna make him
throw all of this out.
And what if the judge says no?
Where are we gonna live?
And since when you start
mouthing off to grown folks?
You not the man
of the house yet.
Tyrone: I am till
you get outta jail.
Your mom's right.
It's not your job to worry
about any of this.
I don't need you
to suck up to me.
I'm not. I just...
I know Annalise, and she's
a freaking genius at this stuff,
so if she says
she's gonna fix it,
she's gonna fix it.
I'm watching you.
As you should.
You worry about algebra.
I'll worry about this.
♪
Wow. Is it just me,
or you put a few
inch-aronies
on those bi's?
Lifting's the only thing
keeping me from stressing out
about my LSAT score.
It's supposed to come in
this week.
Oh, relax.
You can always take them again
if you bomb.
Who said
I was gonna bomb?
I'm just saying, I will be there
to tutor you again.
[ Breathing heavily ]
What do you want?
Girl advice.
So, I was right?
Michaela's boning someone
at work?
No,
or at least there's no...
bones involved if she is.
What?
She lied to me last week.
She told me
she was working late,
but she was actually
with Laurel.
You don't think there's
any chance the two
of them are, like...
I know that's crazy.
Who has sex
with a pregnant lady?
[ Chuckles ] But what would
you do if you were in my shoes?
That'd never happen.
Girls cheat with me, not on me.
Franky, just tell me what to do,
please.
Would you...
Maybe just be a person,
go talk to her?
Seriously?
You think that would work?
And you all say
I'm the dumb one.
♪
Has Tegan said anything
about the breach yet?
Oliver, it's been a week,
and nothing has happened.
Embrace the message of your
favorite song and let it go.
I just have a sick feeling,
that's all.
Pratt, they just called
an emergency Antares meeting
upstairs.
Walk with me.
♪
Why aren't you walking?
Coming!
Make sure the Garner subpoenas
have been filed,
and don't forget to file
the stipulations
-in the Conway case
by end of day.
-Done.
Did you need me to sit in on the
Antares meeting and take notes?
Mnh-mnh.
It's partners only.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Blake.
Hey.
Why the hell
is he here?
Probably so he could fire us
in person.
You don't send the CEO
to fire the Philly chapter
of your law firm.
Are you talking about
the CEO of Antares?
Why are you still here?
Get back to your desk.
♪
Mr. Castillo, dime que trajiste
algo de calor de Miami.
[ Speaks Spanish ]
♪
This is when we routinely screen
for gestational diabetes.
Do you or the father
have a history of diabetes?
I don't think so.
I actually had a question
about that.
How and when would I do
a paternity test?
I can get our
genetic counselor in here
to talk to you about that.
[ Cellphone ringing, vibrates ]
Why don't you take that,
and I'll see if I can get
-the counselor to come in?
-Thanks.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
I'm at the doctor's.
Michaela:
Your father's here.
-What?
-He called an emergency
Antares meeting with Tegan.
Which means
he probably knows
about the breach
on her computer.
No, he would never come to town
without calling me.
Well, he's here, and no one
knows what the meeting's about.
-He just showed up.
-Red alert, red alert.
-What?
- The meeting's over.
Wait, wait, wait.
He's calling someone.
[ Cellphone chimes, vibrates ]
He's calling me.
Oh, my God.
Act surprised.
-Hello?
- Hey.
Guess who's in town
and wants to take his daughter
out to dinner tonight.
♪
This is inappropriate.
You haven't
returned my calls
or contacted any of the
therapists that I recommended.
I'll sign
whatever you want.
-What?
-You're worried about
a malpractice
or negligence suit.
-I get it.
-I am worried about you.
I made a mistake.
And I apologize, but you have
nothing to worry about.
-Annalise is safe.
-And you?
Did you tell Annalise?
Sharing information about
our sessions would be unethical.
Unethical like you
barging into my office?
-Leave.
-You were making such good
progress, Bonnie.
I have work.
I was proud of it...
proud of you.
So, please, just call one
of those numbers.
Okay, I will.
Just please go.
♪
Annalise:
It's an intimidation tactic
to get my remaining plaintiffs
to drop out.
And you're trying to sue
the entire state,
you knew there was
gonna be pushback.
Well,
now I'm pushing back.
I just need an injunction
to stop the seizure.
Cite deprivation of liberty
interests under due process.
Don't tell me how to do my job,
Ms. Keating.
The house has been in the family
for three generations.
It's worth less than a year
of your salary.
I can sign any injunction
you want,
but it's not gonna stop them
from coming after you.
Then I'll tackle
one problem at a time.
You're not hearing me,
Counselor.
Are you sure you are
the right person
to lead
this class action?
Why wouldn't I be?
Your standing with the bar
is precarious, no?
My standing is fine.
I'm doing everything
they want me to do.
Okay, but you are taking on this
crusade for people who you say
have gotten bad lawyer
after bad lawyer --
I'm not a bad lawyer.
Of course not.
You are one of the best.
But are you
the best for a case
with this much
public scrutiny?
-Did he sign it?
-He doesn't have the balls.
So we try another judge.
They're too scared
now that Denver's
running
for Attorney General.
You're gonna let that
stop you?
Because I kinda told Tyrone
you're a genius.
-Those were your words.
-And I meant them.
I'm just saying
there has to be a solution
that isn't just letting
the toolbag that is Denver
rob our clients
of house and home.
♪
Where are you going?
I'm in the mood to yell.
Pratt, I need a cheeseburger
and fries from Jimmy's, stat.
Oh, God, was the Antares meeting
that bad?
Not all eating is emotional.
I'm just hungry.
Asher:
Have you tried the Burger Barn?
Don't get me wrong --
Jimmy does a fine job,
but the Barn
puts the spicy B-B-Q sauce
into the beef
before they grill it.
It's -- ah! -- delish.
-Who are you?
-No one.
I'm Asher Millstone.
I'm the boyfriend.
You must be
the famous Tegan?
-I like him.
-[ Chuckles ]
[ Door closes ]
In what universe
is this at all appropriate?
I don't know.
Maybe the same universe
where you lied to me
about being at work
when you were actually
with Laurel?
What?
Yeah, I saw you through Laurel's
window the other night
when you said
that you were working late.
So you were stalking me?
No, don't put this on me.
Why are you lying?
She asked me to be
her birthing partner.
I didn't want to tell
you because I knew you
were feeling neglected
and I thought you'd be mad
that I was choosing
to spend more time with Laurel
than with you.
So you're like
her Lamaze coach?
Exactly.
But not
her lesbian lover.
No. What?
I'm sorry.
[ Sighs ] That's so sweet
that you're doing that, baby.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Miss Keating.
Why don't we talk in my office?
-He stays here.
-No need.
I can say
what I need to say right here.
I'd rather
we talk in private.
Why? Are you ashamed
of what you're doing?
You all should be, helping your
boss take a family's home away.
Your client's
a drug dealer.
She sold pot from her house,
not meth,
-not even pills,
but marijuana.
-Call Security.
I know what you all say
about me, that I'm a joke,
but at least I don't prey on
the poor and the weak.
Save your grandstanding
for the courtroom.
The home that you're
taking away
has a family in it,
with two young boys,
with their grandmother
who's in a wheelchair,
and you're tossing them out
on the street.
Okay, everyone,
ignore the crazy.
-Just get back to work.
-What do you all say
to your families
when you go home
at night, huh?
How proud you are
to make a child homeless?
Or how nice it feels
to legally steal
from people
who've got nothing?
Get her out of here,
please.
No need.
We're leaving.
♪
Hey.
What?
Did you tell McGowan
not to investigate
any of
Annalise's plaintiffs?
Yeah, I told
my whole department
to move your requests
to the back of the list.
Look, if any of us gets
to be mad here, it's me.
Why's that?
You told me Annalise
wasn't meeting
with inmates
at the prison.
Did I?
So you admit
that you lied to me?
This whole time,
you've been telling me
to get off the crack,
but it's you?
Why?
Are you screwing her again?
Yeah, I lied,
but not to help her.
You came from nothing.
You know what it's like to have
zero control over your life,
but here you are,
taking from these people
so you can get some sad-ass
applause from your co-workers.
This ain't about you, me,
or her.
You better wake
the hell up.
[ Door opens ]
♪
[ Door closes ]
What about this one?
Michaela:
You look like a pumpkin.
Can you please not go?
No. I need to know
why he's here.
-Better?
- Worse.
Is that Laurel?
Oh, boobs. Yikes.
-It's fine.
- No, it's not fine.
I mean, the -- the boobs are --
are lovely.
I just -- I have
some really bad news.
The head of I.T.
just told us
-we have to replace all
of our security badges.
-What? Why?
'Cause of whatever
that meeting was about.
Clearly they know we broke
into Tegan's account.
You don't know that.
What if he's right,
Laurel?
He's not. Better?
-Oh, that's good.
-That's actually really cute.
-[ Knock on door ]
-Asher: Open up, mama bear.
[ Whispering ]
What is Asher doing here?
I can hear you, lady.
[ Normal voice ]
One minute!
[ Whispering ]
What is he doing here?
I don't know.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, I told him
I'm your Lamaze coach now.
-What?
- Just go with it.
You too.
[ Door opens ]
Boom!
Figured it's never
too early
to start spoiling
the kid rotten.
Oh, thanks.
That's so sweet.
-Uh, do you need something?
-Uh, no.
No, I, uh, just came by
to say hi,
which I know
is kind of weird,
but, um, I just want to let
you know that I'm here
if, uh, Michaela's ever too busy
with work.
And I can be your, uh,
birth buddy on deck
or foot massager
or crib-putter-together-er.
I'm really okay.
Of course you'd say that.
You're so independent.
Ah, point being I'm here
if you need any extra help
or just, like,
a shoulder to cry on.
I mean, I know I can
never be Wes, but, uh...
I can try.
Thanks, Asher.
Plus, I'm really good
with babies.
I think it's my, uh,
milky scent or something.
[ Chuckles ]
Connor: She just confuses
the hell out of me.
It's like I want to hate her,
but then she goes off
on the entire D.A.'s office
like Diana freaking Prince,
and I love her.
You should have seen it.
Denver was practically
pooping his pants.
She's definitely
almost made me poop my pants
on more
than one occasion.
It was so great.
You know what else
is kinda great?
-What?
- You sound happy.
Like,
if I had known that
hanging out with Annalise
would make you feel this way,
I would have dropped you off
to play with her weeks ago.
[ Chuckles ]
Shut up.
How's work?
Oh, you know, it's just your
typical, boring I.T. stuff.
No one really throws public
temper tantrums in this office.
-[ Chuckles ]
-I should go.
Love you.
I love you, too.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
♪
You know
what I'm thinking?
Asher probably knows
a lot of judges,
or, you know,
at least his dad did.
So I could go talk to him
if you think that's a good idea.
It's a terrible idea.
Well, I'm sorry. I don't
hear you pitching any gems.
Here's one. Let's eat.
[ Autograf's "Nobody Knows"
plays ]
♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Michaela:
Knock, knock.
You can go home
if you want.
I still have some
filing to do, but...
♪ I don't know where I belong ♪
...I thought you might
need this.
♪ No, I don't know ♪
I know you don't keep gin
in the office because
-you'll drink it.
-I'll drink it.
[ Laughs ]
I know everything
about you.
It's creepy.
♪ 'Cause no one
really knows me ♪
But go grab a glass.
Connor: Is this what you do now
instead of drink?
Annalise: It's better
than sleeping with strangers.
Is it?
[ Chuckles ]
Are you and Oliver
doing better?
Who says we weren't?
You came in here
the other night
saying that you almost
"boned" another guy.
Mm-hmm.
But I didn't.
♪ I've been spending time ♪
♪ 'Cause time's on my side ♪
It was my dad's fault.
He told me that he doesn't think
we're right for each other,
and I guess that just got
in my head. It's stupid. I know.
No. What's stupid
is your father.
♪ When our worlds collide ♪
He's the one
not right for you.
♪ 'Cause no one really
knows me at all ♪
I'm impressed you can maintain
a relationship
while you're
in law school.
I was always too busy.
I'm not saying it's easy,
especially with Asher
being so needy lately.
He just misses you.
Don't take that for granted,
or else you'll end up like me.
All I want is to end up
like you.
Careful.
I gave up the best sex
of my life for this job.
[ Chuckles ]
Sex is overrated.
Ha! Say that when you haven't
had any for awhile.
[ Laughs ]
Who was she?
There she is.
♪ I don't know where I belong ♪
And here I thought
I was early.
-You said it was important.
-It is.
♪ No, I don't know ♪
I have some fantastic news.
Sir, we're gonna need
some champagne.
I have a really big test
tomorrow, Dad.
One glass won't hurt.
♪ 'Cause no one really
knows me at all ♪
Annalise: The judge doesn't
think that I'm the right lawyer
for the class action.
Well, he's wrong.
Is he?
If anyone's right for this,
it's you.
You know what?
I don't need a cheerleader.
Apparently, you do.
You ripped Denver
a new one today.
It was awesome.
♪ I've been spending time ♪
I mean,
I wish I had taped it.
-It would have --
It would have gone viral.
-♪ 'Cause time's on my side ♪
That's the last thing
I need.
Just listen to me.
♪ And if I make it home ♪
You, out of anyone,
know what it feels like
to be throw into jail
for a crime you didn't commit.
♪ 'Cause no one
really knows me ♪
So who better to fight
for these people?
♪ At all ♪
Tell me about
school first.
School's the same.
What's going on?
You're about to be very rich,
Laurel.
We're already rich.
No, I mean rich...
as in neither you
nor your children
nor your children's children
will ever have to worry again.
I loved Cora...
not just for the sex.
But I love my job more
[ Chuckles ]
especially on a day
like today.
[ Chuckles ]
♪ I don't know where I belong ♪
I'd ask what that means,
but I have a feeling
-you can't tell me.
-♪ No, I don't know ♪
♪ But I've been hanging on ♪
If you say a word
to anyone,
I will personally
slit your throat.
♪ For too long ♪
Antares is going public.
♪ 'Cause no one
really knows me ♪
It's on the D.L.
until they make an announcement.
Any bad press before that, and
it could tank the whole deal --
billions in the toilet.
But if all goes well
[ Chuckles ]
it means all the late nights,
ass kissing,
[scoffs] and no sex
was all worth it. I'm serious.
This is the type of deal I can
dine out on my whole career.
I'll be able to start
my own firm.
[ Laughs ]
I'll hire you.
♪ 'Cause no one really knows me
at all ♪
Here. Now, I had your brother
sign the same contract.
It transfers
10% of the shares
into your name
before the offering.
I want to be a lawyer,
Dad.
I can't have any of
your off-the-book activities
blowing back on me.
You don't have to worry
about any of that.
I promise you, m'ija,
I've taken care
of any foreseeable problems
that could arise.
A toast -- to our family
never having to worry again.
[ Glasses clink ]
♪
Can we just take a breather
for a second and be relieved?
I am not signing
those papers,
no matter how much money
I'd get.
I just mean we've been
paranoid for nothing.
All the secrecy
wasn't about the breach.
It was about Antares
going public.
Maybe this is a sign
to, uh, quit while we're ahead.
You are both
missing the point.
Antares going public is the
reason my father killed Wes.
-What?
-Um, I-I don't understand.
Denver had files on all of us,
right?
We can hit you back,
Ms. Winterbottom.
This office has files on
everyone in Ms. Keating's life.
Which means he knew who I was --
and my father.
Do you admit to fabricating
a story about getting kidnapped?
I did.
So Denver called him
when Wes was about
to turn against Annalise.
You said this would cover
obstruction of justice
and conspiracy,
so I want that in writing,
too.
That's blanket immunity.
You want someone
to help take her down?
We would've all been implicated
in Sam's murder, Rebecca,
right when Antares
was about to go public.
All the shares
would've tanked,
and my father
would've lost everything.
So he decided to send Dominick
and kill Wes.
That makes too much sense
to not be true.
Exactly.
So no more wavering.
We have to get those files
and leak them
before they go public.
Please, Oliver, I know you can
figure this out.
I'm on it.
♪
[ Dog barking,
siren wailing in distance ]
Annalise: Dear Sam...
my therapist
is making me do this.
Dear Sam, did you ever
make your patients
write letters to dead people?
Dear Sam, did you hear
the house burned down?
Dear Sam, your sister's
suing me for the house
even though it was never hers.
I'm doing a class-action case,
and Bonnie almost ruined it.
I'm living in a hotel with a
bunch of sad, horny divorcées.
My mother has dementia.
I'm an alcoholic.
I haven't had sex
in six months.
I was put in jail.
My reputation's a disgrace.
I'm lonely.
Nobody likes me.
I'm a joke.
Dear Sam...
Annalise:
I didn't write the letter.
Why not?
♪
I had a car accident
at eight months.
He died.
I'm sorry.
I know you're just
doing your job,
bringing up Wes, Sam.
But this...
It was years of feeling
like my body was broken...
sticking myself
with needles...
...fighting with Sam about if
this was even what I wanted...
to finally
hearing his heartbeat.
That was the real loss.
Of him, me...
who I was
before all this.
Dead.
[ Sniffles ]
I killed us both.
Were you drinking?
No. Someone hit me.
So it was an accident.
You didn't kill anyone.
No. Stop!
I'm opening up
like you want me to,
and you keep
s-steering me someplace,
to get me
to feel something...
that you think
I should be feeling.
Let me feel guilty!
I'm sorry.
I don't mean to make you feel --
Well, you do!
So does everyone.
The whole world
always makes me feel
I'm not right the way I am.
Sam wanting me
to be the mother,
my clients wanting me
to be a hero.
I can't be
all those things!
I can't be strong
all the time!
♪
Now say something.
I think you're stronger
than anyone else
-would be in your shoes.
-I'm not.
Look at the evidence,
everything you've survived.
You lost a child.
That pain alone is enough
to level a parent.
But you got up,
and you fought for your life.
I tried to take my life.
After that picture.
It was my worst nightmare
that followed me home
[ scoffs ]
to an empty nursery,
a body producing milk to a child
that wasn't there,
Sam watching over me
every minute, trying to fix it.
♪
Oh, I want a drink.
[ Voice breaking ]
Because...
...as a mother...
I j...
I wanted to die
with my son.
And I really tried.
Sleeping pills.
[ Sniffles ]
Bonnie found me
on the bathroom floor
and took me
to the hospital.
Sam never knew.
Jacqueline:
She's suicidal?
She was.
Okay, this is why
she needs a new therapist.
She's got no one on her side
right now, Jacqueline.
What would you say
to a colleague
who walked into your office
profoundly depressed,
Annalise triggering them
session after session?
You would tell them
to extricate themselves
from the situation
immediately.
I have a responsibility
to my patient.
You have a responsibility
to yourself.
-I'm fine.
-Isaac, you came to me
for help.
'Cause you're the only one
who can understand!
What if I don't want to?
Has that ever crossed your mind,
that maybe talking to you
about dead children and suicide
is not in my best interest?
Well, then, tell me that!
You are on the edge here.
You might not remember
what that looks like, but I do.
I am seeing that man again.
He is tired
and overwhelmed
and on the verge
of becoming very, very sick.
You might be able
to handle that, but I can't.
All right. I hear you.
Isaac, sit down.
You worry about yourself.
I'll do the same.
[ Door opens, closes ]
[ Sighs ]
I heard your poll numbers
were dropping
in the low-income
districts.
What, is this a pitch
to be my new campaign
manager or something?
No. But I do think
what you're doing --
the asset forfeitures
in particular --
is only going to hurt you
more than you can afford.
You let Annalise's speech
get to you.
This has nothing
to do with her.
Really?
We wanted to send a message,
and we did.
Annalise will never
get another plaintiff now.
But there's no need to play
dirty anymore.
Well, you can wipe
your conscience clean.
You're reassigned.
-What?
-Well, you're too emotional.
I can't let it risk
affecting the case.
The case only exists
because of me.
And I gave you credit for it,
a whole speech yesterday.
Take the rest of the day off.
You've earned it.
♪
[ Door opens ]
[ Sighs ]
Thank God you're back.
I forgot you were here.
Yeah, you should probably
invest in an office.
I have an idea.
Well, it came from you.
What, are you going
through my stuff now?
We make Tyrone write a letter
to the newspaper,
have him tell the public
that the D.A.
is profiting
off civil forfeiture.
Nobody reads
newspapers anymore.
Okay, you are being
really negative here.
No.
I'm remembering
what you said
when you wished that my
Denver speech had gone viral.
Well, let's go viral.
♪
Dear Governor Birkead, I live
with my brother and grandmother.
The house we live in
isn't big or new,
but it's the only home we own.
If the District Attorney's
office takes our house,
my brother and I could be
forced into foster care.
So it's not just our house
we would lose,
but our family, too.
The only reason
the District Attorney's office
wants to take our house
is because my mother
joined a class-action lawsuit
suing the state
for denying
her constitutional right
to an effective attorney.
Well, now she finally has one,
and the D.A. is punishing her
for it.
That's wrong, and we need
the public's help to fix it.
Until then, stay strong, Mama.
Annalise:
My name is Annalise Keating,
and I'm the attorney
representing Tyrone
and his mother, Claudia Gelvin.
Ms. Gelvin,
like countless others,
has been stripped of her basic,
inalienable rights
by the state.
[ TV turns off ]
I was watching that.
And this is my house.
[ Computer chimes ]
♪
And that's why I've launched
a class-action suit --
to see that Tyrone's mother,
like so many others,
get their equal protection
under the law
to which they are
constitutionally entitled.
And that's why I'm taking
a petition for an injunction
directly to Judge Sabarski,
who has never hesitated
to stand up
for the lesser among us.
And it's my hope that,
with his passion for the law,
that we will help stop
this miscarriage of justice
and save this family's home.
[ Camera shutters clicking ]
The Governor's office
is gonna fight you
every step of the way
on this,
drag you and your past out
for everyone to see.
That's exactly why I'm the right
lawyer for this case --
like my clients,
I have been there,
wrongfully persecuted,
left to rot in jail,
but now I'm fighting back,
and I'm not gonna stop
until I win.
The press is watching you.
What side of justice
are you gonna be on?
♪
Tyrone: So, that's it?
We ain't gotta move?
A promise is a promise.
He's the one
who promised me stuff.
Shut your trap and say,
"Thank you," Tyrone.
Thank you.
Let's go call
your grandma.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I just would understand
if you wanted to drop
the class action.
Bitch, please. I wanna see
whose ass you beat next.
Claudia,
you're a mother.
I don't want to expose you
to more risk.
That's what being
a mother's about.
You think I was selling
for fun?
[ Sighs ]
You're giving me hope,
something I ain't had
in a long time.
So, get outta here.
You got work to do.
♪
Michaela:
He looks like an alien.
Right?
Mm.
He also kinda
looks like Wes.
[ Door opens ]
Hey, I have good news!
God, Oliver,
you need to knock!
I'm sorry.
I-I'm too excited.
I-I spoke to Lazlo.
Lazlo, hey.
Dude,
you can't be here.
Because you're building a secure
server room for Antares?
Michaela:
You outed us
to the ponytail guy?
All I.T. guys are the same.
You get them talking about
the size of their hard drive,
and they can't shut up.
Six Supermicro 5086 high-density
servers, fully loaded.
The only access point
is this puppy,
and it's completely
air-gapped.
English, Oliver.
Air-gapped means it's walled off
from the outside world,
which means
it's totally unhackable.
I would need a security badge
specially coded for the room,
and only four of those are
given out in the entire firm --
Lazlo and the three senior
partners on the Antares case.
No.
Tegan
is our only way in.
Then we need to find
another way in.
I'm not sabotaging
her entire career for this.
You just met her.
She could end up dead
like that nerdy accountant.
Well,
Wes is already dead!
Whose fault is that?!
I-I-I didn't mean that.
I didn't.
I-I'm sorry.
I'm -- I'm upset.
But Tegan has been
good to me
and generous and nice,
supportive.
So I'm not destroying
the one good person in my life.
Laurel: But we can't have come
this far to just turn away.
We have to be strong.
We have to stick to the plan.
That is what
we all owe Wes.
Please, Michaela, please.
Asher?
What is going on?
I don't know.
Why don't you tell me?
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Connor:
Asher, are you there?
Who is this?
It's Connor.
Do you wanna come over
for dinner tonight?
I'm busy.
[ Line disconnects ]
Who was that?
Uh, Asher.
[ Inhales sharply ]
How is the most handsome man
in all of I.T. land?
Work boring as usual?
Yeah, you know,
it's the uszh.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I'm just
a little overwhelmed
with how to reward
the super hot social crusader
I saw
on the news tonight.
Well...
I heard that he really likes it
when his boyfriend
gives him lap dances
in a wrestling singlet.
Do we even
own one of those?
-No.
-[ Chuckles ]
But you could
do it naked.
[ Laughs ]
Come on. Get to it.
♪
[ Imitates dance beat ]
Oh, yeah.
Michaela:
Tegan has been good to me,
so I'm not destroying
the one good person in my life.
♪
♪ Who can lie ♪
I can explain.
Start telling me
the truth right now,
or I swear that I'm
walking out that door.
♪ For the statues? ♪
♪ No retakes ♪
Laurel's dad killed Wes.
[ Knock on door ]
♪
♪ Who can lie ♪
I got a 170 on my LSAT.
Oh. That's --
That's good.
No. It's great.
"Get into Middleton"
great.
I didn't even cheat off
the little nerd next to me.
I worked my ass off
for that score.
And you want to know why?
I did it for you, Laurel,
'cause I know
I'd be an amazing dad.
And whether that's my kid
or not,
I'll love
the hell outta him
'cause I love
the hell outta you.
-Frank --
-Don't say anything.
Just let that sink in,
that there's guy who loves you
and will wait for you.
♪
I'm gonna leave now.
♪ Who will find you ♪
♪ When all you are ♪
♪ All you are is dust? ♪
♪ Who will find you ♪
♪ For centuries? ♪
Now I'm leaving.
♪
Michaela: Her dad thought Wes
was gonna rat us out to Denver,
so he killed him --
or had Dominick kill him.
Now Laurel wants revenge,
and since Caplan & Gold
is his law firm, she needs me
and Oliver to help Enron him.
It never occurred to you
to tell me any of this?
-No, I wanted to.
-Yeah, but you didn't, okay?
You just lied to me
like I'm some big, dumb idiot.
Okay, I didn't tell you
because I didn't want
-to see you get hurt.
-Oh, shut up!
Okay,
I love you, Asher --
You don't lie
to people you love!
Asher.
Asher, don't you walk
out that door.
Asher.
Where are you going?
♪ Who will find you ♪
-Promise to not tell anyone!
-♪ When all you are ♪
[ Knock on door ]
♪ All you are is dust? ♪
♪ Who will find you ♪
-Is Frank here?
-No.
♪ For centuries? ♪
You do know
this is my house?
Yeah.
♪ Who will find you ♪
Then maybe don't look
so disappointed
-it's me opening the door.
-♪ When all you are ♪
♪ All you are is dust? ♪
-I'm not.
-♪ Who will find you ♪
What the hell do you want,
Asher?
Bon-Bon,
is everything okay?
♪ For centuries? ♪
♪ When the words become you ♪
-What's wrong?
-Nothing. Just...
♪ When all you've ever said ♪
I messed everything up.
♪ Is all that,
all that will remain ♪
-[ Cries ]
-♪ Remain? ♪
I'm here for you.
♪ Is it all that ♪
♪ All that you've been hoping ♪
I'm here, okay?
I'm here.
♪ Hoping for? ♪
Stella: Okay.
Woman: Deep breath.
Smile bigger.
Isaac: Oh, so this
is the official one?
Woman: All right,
you get in there.
-Come on.
-Official grad pic.
-All right.
No. Get closer.
-♪ Who will find you ♪
Okay, come on.
Just hurry up, Mom.
Woman:
All right. I'm trying.
♪ When all you are ♪
-♪ All you are is dust? ♪
-I -- It's --
Mom, come on!
Help her, please.
♪ Who will find you ♪
-What did I do?
-Oh, you had it on video.
Stella:
You had it on video? Ohh.
[ Indistinct speaking ]
♪
♪ Who will find you ♪
♪ When all you are ♪
Can I help you?
♪ All you are is dust? ♪
I hope so.
-♪ Who will find you ♪
-I'm Jacqueline Roa,
Isaac's ex-wife.
♪ For centuries? ♪
Stella:
Okay, Mom will get in.
All right.
Isaac: You both will take
a prettier picture anyway.
Thank you. Please. Thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
♪ Who will find you ♪
♪ When all you are ♪
♪ All you are is dust? ♪
Man: The room is registered
to Annalise Keating.
♪ Who will find you ♪
Bonnie:
Where's the witness?
♪ For centuries? ♪
Where's my baby?
You've reached the voicemail
of Annalise Keating.
Please leave a message.
Where the hell are you?
She's awake.
Answer the damn phone!
[ Water running ]
♪